readme.md, before:

# Dealer Ginjirou

## Live Demo

[Dealer Ginjirou Live Demo site](http://play.befive.info/dealer-ginjirou/)

## How to Install the main game program

First make sure that you have node.js and gruntjs installed and working properly.

1. Clone or download this repo and expand to a location of your choice.
2. Run in terminal: **node install** in the root folder of this repo.
3. Then run in terminal: **grunt build**.
4. Copy the release folder produced with #3 to any directory in your webserver.
5. Access to the directory on your server from your web brwoser.

## LICENSE

# MIT
* otherwise listed below.

#### Character
- The fictional character, Dealer Ginjirou (壺振り師・銀次郎), Doumoto - Inazuma no Kahei (胴元・稲妻の嘉平), and Nakabon no Sadakichi (中盆の定吉) are a property of BeFive Info. Please use your own character in place of Ginjirou when you publish your game after modification.

#### Graphics
- The logo of Befive info is a property of BeFive. Please feel free to replace the logo with your own when you publish.
- Aoyagi Reisho Font by Musashi System
- wargo Pattern: free Japanese style patterns, vector materials, and generally textile patterns.
- GAHAG: distributes public domain stock images, photos and illustrations.
- Free Texture Sozai-kan: distributes public domain texture images.
- Hokusai Manga (wikipedia): a sort of clip art collection magazines published from 1814 to 1878.
- Ukiyo-e (wikipedia): woodblock art prints which were popular from the 17th through 19th centuries.

#### Sound
- Kurage Kosho: distributes public domain sounds which you can use for absolutely free as long as you do not violate laws by using them.
- The voices used in this game are all properties of BeFive. In the free open source version, the voices have been removed.
- Sound tracks used for the live demo are not included in this open source code. The sound tracks are sold at audio stock websites.
   - [Japanese Enka Music Loop 0:37](https://123rf.com/audio_78635422_an-abstract-music-loop-imitating-japanese-enka-music.html)
   - [Japanese Cherry Blossom Song 0:14](https://www.pond5.com/stock-music/82165331/sakura.html)
   - [Prosperous Asian City Short Music Loop 0:09](https://123rf.com/audio_78635427_music-describing-a-busy-japanese-city-with-koto-and-taiko-drums.html)
   - [Japanese Historical Performance Opening 0:07](https://123rf.com/audio_78635425_percussions-for-letting-audiences-know-that-there-is-a-performance-beginning-now.html)
   - [Japanese Koto Game Over Music 0:05](https://123rf.com/audio_78635424_game-over-music-in-the-ancient-japanese-style-with-japanese-koto-please-be-advised-that-the-bpm-is-n.html)
   - [Japanese Festival Short Music Loop 0:06](https://www.pond5.com/stock-music/82165339/japanese-festival-loop-music.html)

### Fonts
- KiriFont (c) 2013, Pablo Lizardo (<www.pablolizardo.com.ar|pablo_lizardo@yahoo.com.ar>),
with Reserved Font Name KiriFont.

Commit message:

updates on the license terms

readme.md, after:

# Dealer Ginjirou

## Live Demo

[Dealer Ginjirou Live Demo site](http://play.befive.info/dealer-ginjirou/)

## How to Install the main game program

First make sure that you have node.js and gruntjs installed and working properly.

1. Clone or download this repo and expand to a location of your choice.
2. Run in terminal: **node install** in the root folder of this repo.
3. Then run in terminal: **grunt build**.
4. Copy the release folder produced with #3 to any directory in your webserver.
5. Access to the directory on your server from your web brwoser.

## LICENSE

# MIT

Copyright (c) 2013 Shu Miyao (BeFive Info)
Released under the MIT license otherwise listed below:

#### Character
- The fictional character, Dealer Ginjirou (壺振り師・銀次郎), Doumoto - Inazuma no Kahei (胴元・稲妻の嘉平), and Nakabon no Sadakichi (中盆の定吉) are properties of Shu Miyao. Please use your own characters.

#### Graphics
- The logo of Befive info is a property of Shu Miyao. Please feel free to replace the logo with your own when you publish.
- Aoyagi Reisho Font by Musashi System
- wargo Pattern: free Japanese style patterns, vector materials, and generally textile patterns.
- GAHAG: distributes public domain stock images, photos and illustrations.
- Free Texture Sozai-kan: distributes public domain texture images.
- Hokusai Manga (wikipedia): a sort of clip art collection magazines published from 1814 to 1878.
- Ukiyo-e (wikipedia): woodblock art prints which were popular from the 17th through 19th centuries.

#### Sound
- Kurage Kosho: distributes public domain sounds which you can use for absolutely free as long as you do not violate laws by using them.
- The voices used in this game are all properties of Shu Miyao. In the free open source version, the voices have been removed.
- Sound tracks used for the live demo are not included in this open source code. The sound tracks are sold at audio stock websites.
   - [Japanese Enka Music Loop 0:37](https://123rf.com/audio_78635422_an-abstract-music-loop-imitating-japanese-enka-music.html)
   - [Japanese Cherry Blossom Song 0:14](https://www.pond5.com/stock-music/82165331/sakura.html)
   - [Prosperous Asian City Short Music Loop 0:09](https://123rf.com/audio_78635427_music-describing-a-busy-japanese-city-with-koto-and-taiko-drums.html)
   - [Japanese Historical Performance Opening 0:07](https://123rf.com/audio_78635425_percussions-for-letting-audiences-know-that-there-is-a-performance-beginning-now.html)
   - [Japanese Koto Game Over Music 0:05](https://123rf.com/audio_78635424_game-over-music-in-the-ancient-japanese-style-with-japanese-koto-please-be-advised-that-the-bpm-is-n.html)
   - [Japanese Festival Short Music Loop 0:06](https://www.pond5.com/stock-music/82165339/japanese-festival-loop-music.html)

### Fonts
- KiriFont (c) 2013, Pablo Lizardo (<www.pablolizardo.com.ar|pablo_lizardo@yahoo.com.ar>),
with Reserved Font Name KiriFont.
